c:\Users\Арсений\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\ConsoleWorkWithLib.exe.config
c:\Users\Арсений\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\ConsoleWorkWithLib.exe
c:\Users\Арсений\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\ConsoleWorkWithLib.pdb
c:\Users\Арсений\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\Lib.dll
c:\Users\Арсений\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\Users\Арсений\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\Lib.pdb
c:\Users\Арсений\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\WebDriver.pdb
c:\Users\Арсений\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\Users\Арсений\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\obj\Debug\ConsoleWorkWithLib.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Арсений\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\obj\Debug\ConsoleWorkWithLib.exe
c:\Users\Арсений\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\obj\Debug\ConsoleWorkWithLib.pdb
C:\Users\Арсений\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.dll
C:\Users\Арсений\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
C:\Users\Арсений\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\Арсений\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.dll
C:\Users\Арсений\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Арсений\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
C:\Users\Арсений\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.pdb
C:\Users\Арсений\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
C:\Users\Арсений\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\Арсений\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.pdb
C:\Users\Арсений\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
d:\GitRepository\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\ConsoleWorkWithLib.exe.config
d:\GitRepository\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\obj\Debug\ConsoleWorkWithLib.exe
d:\GitRepository\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\obj\Debug\ConsoleWorkWithLib.pdb
d:\GitRepository\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\ConsoleWorkWithLib.exe
d:\GitRepository\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\ConsoleWorkWithLib.pdb
d:\GitRepository\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\Lib.dll
d:\GitRepository\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
d:\GitRepository\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.dll
d:\GitRepository\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
d:\GitRepository\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
d:\GitRepository\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.dll
d:\GitRepository\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\Lib.pdb
d:\GitRepository\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\WebDriver.pdb
d:\GitRepository\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
d:\GitRepository\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.pdb
d:\GitRepository\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
d:\GitRepository\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.pdb
d:\GitRepository\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
d:\GitRepository\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
d:\GitRepository\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.pdb
d:\GitRepository\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
d:\GitRepository\Lib\ConsoleWorkWithLib\obj\Debug\ConsoleWorkWithLib.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
